[Validator] feat(when constraint): add context variable (#20314)
symfony/symfony-docs: reference/constraints/When.rst

To learn more about the expression language syntax, see
:doc:`/reference/formats/expression_language`.

> Depending on how you use the constraint, you have access to 1 or 3 variables
> in your expression:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Depending on how you use the constraint, you have access to different variables
in your expression:
```
To match with text in doc for Expression constraint, "to 1 or 3 variables" doesn't feel clear to me

Reviewer 2: What about « multiple internal variables »

Reviewer 3: Done while merging. Thanks.

``this``
    The object being validated (e.g. an instance of Discount).
``value``
    The value of the property being validated (only available when
    the constraint is applied to a property).
``context``

>     This is the context that is used in validation

Reviewer: Could you add a versionadded directive for this new variable ?

Reviewer 3: We need to improve this description. Right now it's basically saying "context is the validation context" 😐 

For example, in the Validation article (https://symfony.com/doc/current/validation.html) the word `context` is not even mentioned once. So, what's the "validation context"? Any article that we could link from here so readers can learn more? Thanks!

Reviewer 3: Done while merging too. Thanks.
